GOLDEN BATON

SOLUTION (On Atari by R. Rainbird)

Start in dense forest, get cloak, wear cloak, examine 
leaves, get sword, s, chop briars, get rope, n, n, w, n, go 
cabin, examine barrel, get salt, get rag, w, s, throw rope, 
climb rope, examine hollow, get ring, wear ring, d, e, n, 
kill wolf, drop sword, s, w, get rope, e, n, go path, n, n, 
n, drop matches, swim, throw rope, s, s, s, s, get staff, 
n, n, n, drop matches, n, n, n, drop salt, drop staff, drop 
rag, s, s, s, s, get sword, go path, n, n, n, get salt, get 
staff, rub ring, get key, remove ring, drop ring, swim, 
climb rope, d, go arch, w, get lamp, e, s, u, s, s, drop 
sword, drop salt, drop staff, get matches, light lamp, drop 
matches, get staff, swim, climb rope, down, go archway, 
unlock door, drop key, open door, w, look straw, go hole, 
go door, n, get mirror, s, s, wave staff, say akyrz, get 
quartz, e, wave quartz, examine lizard, drop quartz, get 
knife, drop staff, w, n, get hammer, w, u, douse lamp, e, 
hold mirror, go door, drop mirror, get parchment, read 
parchment,  drop parchment, s, e, get horn, w, s, u, s, s, 
remove cloak, drop cloak, get matches, s, s, s, s, s, w, n, 
go cabin, d, light lamp, s, smash padlock, drop hammer, go 
door, get raft, n, n, drop horn, drop raft, n, u, douse 
lamp, w, s, e, n, go path, n, n, n, get salt, s, s, s, s, 
s, w, n, go cabin, light lamp, s, n, give salt, get slugs, 
get horn, get raft, n, n, give slugs, go lake, blow horn, 
throw knife, get baton.......
